Makerspace 1st Meeting: Spring 2015 Lib Ed Room 8:00pm
Attendees:
Cailey, Sarah, Mitar, Alex, Leslie, James, Kolas, Mathilda, Matthew, Gary, Max, Drew


Cailey: Let's start. I'm the hackerspace manager. I'll fascilitate a conversation about the space.
3rd year Manatee
Mathilda:
2nd year emu
James:
2nd year undeclared
Leslie:
Junior bear
Kolas:
want to be photographed? grad student philosophy, sparrow
Alex:
2nd year eecs, mechanical, deer
Sarah:
3rd year Psychology snow leopard
Gary:
6th year molecular and environmental biology, mitar
Matthew:
2nd year eecs, giant squid
Mitar:
CS phd 3rd year, dolphin
Cailey:
let's talk about your ideas for the semester. feeling comfortable in the space. first lets talk about the definition of a hackerspace.
let's start off by watching a video

*watch video*

Cailey:
Any thoughts?
Gary: How do we know about the credibility of Mitch?

*proceed to look at cloyne.org blog post about soldering workshop*

Cailey:
Any questions about the video?

Sarah:How are these hackerspaces funded?

Max: I've been to noisebrdige, they survive off of donations.

Mitar: I heard that rent in the most expensive part.
Equipment 1.donations 2.hack it! (find the materials) 3. recycling etc.
for cloyne: Madeline from central is working with Alumni to get funding

Cailey: I heard that initial costs are high. But individuals bring equipment. Very scrapy, individuals coming together. We have to start from ground zero.

Mitar: good questions: maybe get corporate sponorships. necessity is the mother of creativity

Cailey: sometimes buisnesses will give equipement

Mitar. doesn't have to be technical. this is cheaper than techincal things (sewing)

Cailey: so what do we want in the space? ideas?

Matthew: industrial sowing machine
Cailey: for what?
Matthew: you can make anything with cloth
Sarah: also close to free pile! for fabric
Mitar: main hallway for fashion show!
Mathilda: art supplies, diy canvases
Sarah: recycled art projects
*snaps*
Mitar: burning man
Gary: burning cloyne
Cailey: geodome: google it
habitable things
Mitar: we have some of the materials for it
Cailey: good that people are into recycled art projects. lots of things in there to be reused
Gary: Free room and ewaste. I will contact central to get rid of stuff in there. Central level duty, clean out freepile. pls use useless stuff
it's a storage issue, use da stuff. contact Gary to take things, use as much stuff as possible. Ewaste is picked up frequently twice a month
we have a box of textile that needs to be picked up
Mitar: two piles, one for ewaste, one for hackerspace from cleaning of house
Cailey: assign people to work on different projects. work in teams, dark room, repurposing old poles. Let's be able to work on our own time
Drew: dark room is separate room? We should clean out first. That should be the first priority
Mathilda: What part is actually the hackerspace?
Mitar: main room is basically the spot. everything is the hackerspace. even band room. paint room too!
Cailey: Garden project is also going on. Inside metal gate. Main project: main space. Idea: white boards, moveable tables.
Any other ideas?
Mitar: but first we need to clean up. but keep in mind what you want to work on.
Cailey: Task list is online. Check email/github

*look at github*

Mitar: we have mailing list, git open source version control
Cailey: connecting with other hackerspaces is powerful
Mitar: 25 people on mailig list
Tickets/Issues: things that we need to do
Cailey: Ill put the main thing Im going to do.
Mitar: Saturday work days are powerful, but feel free to work anytime. Submit tickets! Talk to each other!
Matthew: Have we already bought the things on the tickets?
Mitar: we got money from a motion. we first need to clear out the space first. $1500 budget. Houseimprovement & furniture budget we can use.
James: House level board approved projects. Ask central for money, we'll do the work. Furniture money there is a good amount of money
as well as academic themed budget.
Mitar: we have what we need to do it. We just need to do it. We have central support. This is really cool! Wiki: anyone can cantribute and add documentation
Cailey: after going down to the basement. lets talk about what we are here for, and what is going through our heads.
Drew: A question about position for hackerspace? Timeline for things to happen. We need more structure and goals for hackerspace.
Cailey: I agree. we need a timeline. Ill send out weekly emails. It's difficult when things are horizontal, but everyone should push themselves.
Leslie: field trip to one of these spaces. in san francisco.
Cailey: Ill coordinate visits to other hackerspaces.
Mitar: we are lucky that there are nearby hackerspaces.
Leslie: where can I get a list of hackerspaces in the bay area?
Cailey: feel free to add anything to the website.
Alex: Cory Hall, Sutardja dai
Mitar: omni Oakland has a hackerspace. Noisebridge- San Francisco
Cailey: let's go this weekend
Mitar: does time work? 9am-12pm Saturday morning
Gary: please close windows, turn off lights after you leave.
Cailey: change workday?
Leslie: wait for final schedule

Decision: lets go afterbrunch

Mitar: let's go this week, week after lets get to workdays
Cailey: lets go down to space. but first how do we make it ADA accessible
Mitar: Graham said it will be the big HI project for this semester

*going down to space*

Cailey: first part. clearing out everything


